docs: add a note for doc-builder (#26687)
unifyai/ivy: docs/overview/contributing/building_the_docs.rst

our custom building pipeline work, check our `Building the Docs Pipeline
<../deep_dive/building_the_docs_pipeline.rst>`_ deep dive

.. note::

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Warning:
```

>     The doc-builder was developed originally for linux, although in theory you can run
>     it on any platform (supporting either docker or windows), we only tested it on
>     linux.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Be aware that the doc-builder was developed originally for Linux, although, in theory, you can run
    it on any platform (supporting either docker or windows), it's only tested it on
    Linux. If you find any windows related issues, feel free to open an issue for that to review it. 
```

>     We recommended the use of convenience script if you are planning to regularly build
>     the docs, as it won't redownload the dependencies every time. Also, the use of
>     GitHub codespaces will help you with faster network if your internet is slow.

Reviewer: We should avoid using passive voice and talk with the contributor directly. 

```suggestion
    Recommendation: 
    You can use the convenience script if you build the docs regularly,
    as it will not re-download the dependencies. 
    
    If you have a slow internet connection, you can use GitHub Codespaces since it will help you to build the 
    docs faster since our script downloads large dependency files.
```
